---
layout: post
---

Week 5 was a HUGE week for me. So many AH HA moments. The first being that Rails is mostly just complicated LEGOs (you buy the kit, follow the instructions to build the spaceship or castle a few times, then toss all the parts in a bin so you can build a spaceship castle with lightsaber-wielding dinosaurs later). We were exposed to APIs in class, as well as some basic RDB concepts.

On Wednesday I stopped by "37 signals":http://37signals.com/svn/posts/2593-official-pictures-of-our-new-office in Chicago to see my mentor, "Trevor Turk":http://twitter.com/trevorturk. He, along with "Railscasts #163 Self-Referential Association":http://railscasts.com/episodes/163-self-referential-association, was instrumental helping me get my "add and delete players from the team list view" code working for the toy app from last week. The 37 signals space is gorgeous, and the two members from the support team that I met, Ann and Michael, were funny and welcoming. I think Jason might have popped into the kitchen for a minute or two, and I think he saw his shadow, so 6 more weeks of winter. Sorry folks.

Friday saw me back at "Design Cloud":http://designcloudchicago.com/, the new "Code Academy":http://codeacademy.org/ working space, for Code Academy startup weekend. I went to a startup weekend last year at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign, and it was a learning experience. I was horribly frustrated by not being code savvy enough to contribute to a team. This time around, I was able to not only contribute to my team, but help other teams sort out issues they were having with git and github, which I learned enough of before starting Code Academy (because I wanted to contribute to Khan Academy. Which I did. "One whole line of code!":https://github.com/Khan/khan-exercises/commit/c2459ecd08c6b2fc8c8b6b27762153e4e394616a). I love the teaching role. Who knows, I might even "get a date out of the deal":https://twitter.com/#!/cardoni/status/168827851754311680.

My startup weekend team was Team Awchugit, which built "awchugit.com":http://awchugit.com/ this past weekend. "Keith Mackey":https://twitter.com/#!/mackeykeith, "Trey Springer":http://www.treyspringer.com/blog, JC Lugo, "Tom Holland":http://newbchronicles.tumblr.com/, John Zurbach, "Steve Benjamins":http://stevebenjamins.com, and "myself":http://koriroys.com made up our amazing team. Sure the site could use some work, but after 5 weeks of Code Academy (and admittedly, some prior exposure to many of the concepts we're now covering), we were able to build and deploy a functioning (and somewhat useful) web app in a little under 48 hours. Not. Too. Shabby.